But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing of a pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. 

No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. 

Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. 

To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. 

These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammeled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. 

But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. 

The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dogs back.

The only rule is don't be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.

Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.

Life is short, and we should respect every moment of it.

Life is too short to worry about anything. You had better enjoy it because the next day promises nothing.

The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.

Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.

Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.

Life is very, very short, and you can choose to live it how you want. You can choose to dumb yourself down and not express yourself just so you can fit in, just so people won't dislike you.

Don't ever doubt yourselves or waste a second of your life. It's too short, and you're too special.

Life is too short to be scared and not take risks. I'd rather be the person that's like, 'I messed up,' than, 'I wish I did that.'

Life is too short to spend in negativity. So I have made a conscious effort to not be where I don't want to be.

I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.

Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.

The mysterious diary records the voice.

He told us a very exciting adventure story.

If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?

If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.

Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.

Is it free?

I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.

There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.

Please wait outside of the house.

A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.

He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.

How was the math test?

The stranger officiates the meal.

I am never at home on Sundays.

He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.

Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.

She folded her handkerchief neatly.

Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.

I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.

The old apple revels in its authority.

She advised him to come back at once.

The river stole the gods.

I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.

Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.

When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.

There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.

She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.

Two seats were vacant.

I hear that Nancy is very pretty.

She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.

A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.

Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.

I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.

Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.

Mary plays the piano.

Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?

The book is in front of the table.

The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.

She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.

Wow, does that work?

We have a lot of rain in June.

The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.

It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.

We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.

Rock music approaches at high velocity.

If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.

This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent

My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.

She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.

The lake is a long way from here.

Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?

If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?

Christmas is coming.

Where do random thoughts come from?

I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.

Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.

This is a Japanese doll.

Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.

Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.

She was too short to see over the fence.

The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.

Hurry!

The shooter says goodbye to his love.

He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.

I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.

She always speaks to him in a loud voice.

Tom got a small piece of pie.

I'd rather be a bird than a fish.

I want more detailed information.

Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.

I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.

What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?

A glittering gem is not enough.

I checked to make sure that he was still alive.

The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.

Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.

Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.

She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.

The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.

She did her best to help him.

He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.

I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.

They got there early, and they got really good seats.

Let me help you with your baggage.

We need to rent a room for our party.

I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.